OBSERVATIONS

- It might be a good idea to add some new features by working with the data. For example:

- We could calculate the percentage of total available credit used by just comparing columns
X1 and X12 - X17. The percentage of total credit remaing / used each month could be
predictive.

- We could also add 'trend' features. Look at payments, payment timeliness, and balances
across the six months provided and then create a simple 0 or 1 feature capturing a good
or bad trend. (balance increasing over six months is bad, overall more late payments than
on time is also bad)

- For bill payments it might be good to identify payments as a percentage of debt. High
bill payments are fine if they represent a person paying off 100% percent of their debt
each month. Similarly low payments are bad if they represent someone paying only a tiny
fraction of their bill each month. The inverse of both statements also likely applies
(high payments only paying off a small percent of debt vs low payments wiping out all or
most of one's debt)

GOALS

- For v1.0, we won't generate any new features. In fact we might not even use all of the
available features or do any normalization. We'll just work with the raw data.

- Firstly we'll play around with the data a bit in Python and look for simple correlations.
Maybe there is a strong correlation between gender and defaulting, or education level and
defaulting. Who knows? Should also try doing some visualization.

- Second we'll do a simple logistic regression. We'll break the data into three sets - 
training, test, and cross validation - and then play around with a simple implementation.

- Once we have something that sort of works, we'll start iterating and improving. For
v1.1 we'll start cleaning up the data. We'll do normalization and try a regression with
more features.

- For v1.2 we should consider dimensionality reduction and more visualization. Based on the
correlations we identify, we can probably cut some features and use PCA to combine
others. I also want to work with newly created features described in the above OBSERVATIONS
section.

- Goal of v1.3 or v2.0 or whatever, is to continuously improve on classification accuracy.
I think a good starting goal for a data set this size would be to get above 80% accuracy.
Of course I'd love to get 99.99%, but my gut tells me that this is unlikely given the data
available. There are a lot of things that go into a person defaulting on a credit payment
that just are not captured here.
